Document/WorkBreakdownStructure.md, before:

| Date                      | Task                                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                            | Priority    | Time per Task | Progress | Comment                                                                                                                                                                               |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|---------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11 Feb 2022               | Framework Selection                                   | Selection the framework that the backend will build on                                                                                                                 | Fundamental | 2 day         | Finished | Initially chose Flask, but seems Fast API is more "modern" therefore better performance                                                                                               |
| 12 Feb 2022 - 14 Feb 2022 | Learning and Experiment with the basics               | Make the mock server up and running                                                                                                                                    | Fundamental | 3 day         | Finished | Acquired a domain and learned how to use Nginx to setup a firewall                                                                                                                    |
| 15 Feb 2022 - 18 Feb 2022 | Design the datatype                                   | How we store and structure these data in multiple Database                                                                                                             | Fundamental | 4 day         | Finished | Also run a simple stress-test on e the server                                                                                                                                         |
| 28 Feb 2022 - 8 Mar 2022  | Connect to the Database                               | How is the query language and firewall working                                                                                                                         | Fundamental | 5 day         | Finished | The DB chosen also based on open-ended which prevent vendor lock-in to certain DB                                                                                                     |
| 10 Mar 2022 - 10 Mar 2022 | More interaction with Database                        | Update query                                                                                                                                                           | Fundamental | 1 day         | Finished | Progress Report Day                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 14 Mar 2022 - 22 Mar 2022 | Using multiple database                               | Trying to add a SQL database                                                                                                                                           | Fundamental | 4 day         | Failed   | Somewhat complicated to make SQL query for the data-structure I already made but seamlessly works with Document-Base NotOnlySQL database, plus can immune common SQL-Injection attack |
| 24 Mar 2022 - 2 Apr 2022  | General Maintenance                                   | Means no significant functionality added but some improvement                                                                                                          | Fundamental | 8 hours       | Finished | Modify existing data entry in Database is a pain                                                                                                                                      |
| 3 Apr 2022 - 3 Apr 2022   | Upload Image                                          | User will upload image directly to our backend server, but then the backend will send it to an external image hosting service, which is not directly store in our side | Low         | 3 hours       | Finished | The free tier should be enough                                                                                                                                                        |
| 4 Apr 2022 - 7 Apr 2022   | Visilibity and Ownership attribute for Calendar Event | Allow multiple user see and edit the same Calendar Event, with permission control for each individual                                                                  | Fundamental | 4 hours       | Finished | Why I didn't thinking this at the beginning                                                                                                                                           |
| 30 Apr 2022 - 30 Apr 2022 | Delete CalendarEvent                                  | Delete the CalendarEvent and remove it from the index; reuse HTTP client so can reduce time use on route that makes multiple database queries                          | Fundamental | 2 hours       | Finished | Time improvement vary, still largely depend on the service provide                                                                                                                    |
| 9 May 2022 - 10 May 2022  | Login and Logout                                      | basic token issuance and deletion                                                                                                                                      | Fundamental | 2 Hours       | Finished | Using person_id as account name                                                                                                                                                       |
| 10 May 2022 -  May 2022   | Containerize                                          | Let the backend run in container                                                                                                                                       | High        | 3 Hours       | Started  | Possible makes update easier, but require some learning and investigation                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                               |
| 10 May 2022 - 11 May 2022 | Redesign UserProfile Schema                           | The current one having some overhead (not very essential elements) and lacking space to place some important elements                                                  | Critical    | 1.5 Hours     | Finished | Right now is not too late to do this because we will accept user registration soon                                                                                                    |
| 11 May 2022 - 11 May 2022 | Query multiple CalendarEvent at once                  | To reduce the overhead of validating token every time and save numbers connection/requests the client need to make                                                     | High        | 2 Hours       | Finished | Would be nice to do some benchmarks before and after                                                                                                                                  |
| 12 May 2022 - 12 May 2022 | Edit CalendarEvent                                    | Modify existing CalendarEvent instead of delete and re-create                                                                                                          | High        | 2 hours       | Finished | Another essential functionality                                                                                                                                                       |
| 13 May 2022 - 13 May 2022 | User Registration                                     | Easily create account                                                                                                                                                  | Fundamental | 3 Hours       | Planned  | Didn't implemented in early stage to avoid massive amount of breaking changes                                                                                                         |
| 12 May 2022 - 12 May 2022 | Profile page customizable                             | To actually modify everything on the profile page related                                                                                                              | High        | 2 Hours       | Finished | Part of the registration process                                                                                                                                                      |
| May 2022 -  May 2022      | Token or Session expiration                           | Things don't last forever                                                                                                                                              | Fundamental | 3 Hours       | Planned  | Maybe along with functionality to manage all token under the account                                                                                                                  |
| 16 May 2022 - 17 May 2022      | Change password                                       | Security                                                                                                                                                               | Medium      | 2 Hours       | Finished  | Revoke all existing session/token when password changed?                                                                                                               |
| May 2022 -  May 2022      | Third-Party/Password-less login                       | OAuth2 (GitHub, Google, etc.), SAML, SingleSignOn, FIDO, something like these                                                                                          | Low         | 4 Hours       | Planned  | Much more cool and secure than using plain password                                                                                                                                   |
| May 2022 -  May 2022      | V2 Endpoint                                           | After certain period of development we found that some routes can be consolidated                                                                                      | Medium      | 4 Hours       | Planned  | Would be a major change that adds frustration to the frontend team, but its necessary to make these endpoint easy to understand                                                       |

Commit message:

put different major route in different file

Document/WorkBreakdownStructure.md, after:

| Date                      | Task                                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                            | Priority    | Time per Task | Progress | Comment                                                                                                                                                                               |
|---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------|---------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 11 Feb 2022               | Framework Selection                                   | Selection the framework that the backend will build on                                                                                                                 | Fundamental | 2 day         | Finished | Initially chose Flask, but seems Fast API is more "modern" therefore better performance                                                                                               |
| 12 Feb 2022 - 14 Feb 2022 | Learning and Experiment with the basics               | Make the mock server up and running                                                                                                                                    | Fundamental | 3 day         | Finished | Acquired a domain and learned how to use Nginx to setup a firewall                                                                                                                    |
| 15 Feb 2022 - 18 Feb 2022 | Design the datatype                                   | How we store and structure these data in multiple Database                                                                                                             | Fundamental | 4 day         | Finished | Also run a simple stress-test on e the server                                                                                                                                         |
| 28 Feb 2022 - 8 Mar 2022  | Connect to the Database                               | How is the query language and firewall working                                                                                                                         | Fundamental | 5 day         | Finished | The DB chosen also based on open-ended which prevent vendor lock-in to certain DB                                                                                                     |
| 10 Mar 2022 - 10 Mar 2022 | More interaction with Database                        | Update query                                                                                                                                                           | Fundamental | 1 day         | Finished | Progress Report Day                                                                                                                                                                   |
| 14 Mar 2022 - 22 Mar 2022 | Using multiple database                               | Trying to add a SQL database                                                                                                                                           | Fundamental | 4 day         | Failed   | Somewhat complicated to make SQL query for the data-structure I already made but seamlessly works with Document-Base NotOnlySQL database, plus can immune common SQL-Injection attack |
| 24 Mar 2022 - 2 Apr 2022  | General Maintenance                                   | Means no significant functionality added but some improvement                                                                                                          | Fundamental | 8 hours       | Finished | Modify existing data entry in Database is a pain                                                                                                                                      |
| 3 Apr 2022 - 3 Apr 2022   | Upload Image                                          | User will upload image directly to our backend server, but then the backend will send it to an external image hosting service, which is not directly store in our side | Low         | 3 hours       | Finished | The free tier should be enough                                                                                                                                                        |
| 4 Apr 2022 - 7 Apr 2022   | Visilibity and Ownership attribute for Calendar Event | Allow multiple user see and edit the same Calendar Event, with permission control for each individual                                                                  | Fundamental | 4 hours       | Finished | Why I didn't thinking this at the beginning                                                                                                                                           |
| 30 Apr 2022 - 30 Apr 2022 | Delete CalendarEvent                                  | Delete the CalendarEvent and remove it from the index; reuse HTTP client so can reduce time use on route that makes multiple database queries                          | Fundamental | 2 hours       | Finished | Time improvement vary, still largely depend on the service provide                                                                                                                    |
| 9 May 2022 - 10 May 2022  | Login and Logout                                      | basic token issuance and deletion                                                                                                                                      | Fundamental | 2 Hours       | Finished | Using person_id as account name                                                                                                                                                       |
| 10 May 2022 -  May 2022   | Containerize                                          | Let the backend run in container                                                                                                                                       | High        | 3 Hours       | Started  | Possible makes update easier, but require some learning and investigation                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                                                               |
| 10 May 2022 - 11 May 2022 | Redesign UserProfile Schema                           | The current one having some overhead (not very essential elements) and lacking space to place some important elements                                                  | Critical    | 1.5 Hours     | Finished | Right now is not too late to do this because we will accept user registration soon                                                                                                    |
| 11 May 2022 - 11 May 2022 | Query multiple CalendarEvent at once                  | To reduce the overhead of validating token every time and save numbers connection/requests the client need to make                                                     | High        | 2 Hours       | Finished | Would be nice to do some benchmarks before and after                                                                                                                                  |
| 12 May 2022 - 12 May 2022 | Edit CalendarEvent                                    | Modify existing CalendarEvent instead of delete and re-create                                                                                                          | High        | 2 hours       | Finished | Another essential functionality                                                                                                                                                       |
| 13 May 2022 - 13 May 2022 | User Registration                                     | Easily create account                                                                                                                                                  | Fundamental | 3 Hours       | Planned  | Didn't implemented in early stage to avoid massive amount of breaking changes                                                                                                         |
| 12 May 2022 - 12 May 2022 | Profile page customizable                             | To actually modify everything on the profile page related                                                                                                              | High        | 2 Hours       | Finished | Part of the registration process                                                                                                                                                      |
| May 2022 -  May 2022      | Token or Session expiration                           | Things don't last forever                                                                                                                                              | Fundamental | 3 Hours       | Planned  | Maybe along with functionality to manage all token under the account                                                                                                                  |
| 16 May 2022 - 17 May 2022      | Change password                                       | Security                                                                                                                                                               | Medium      | 2 Hours       | Finished  | Revoke all existing session/token when password changed?                                                                                                               |
| May 2022 -  May 2022      | Third-Party/Password-less login                       | OAuth2 (GitHub, Google, etc.), SAML, SingleSignOn, FIDO, something like these                                                                                          | Low         | 4 Hours       | Planned  | Much more cool and secure than using plain password                                                                                                                                   |
| 17 May 2022 -  May 2022      | V2 Endpoint and use the APIRouter to split the program into multiple file                                           | After certain period of development we found that some routes can be consolidated                                                                                      | Medium      | 4 Hours       | Planned  | Would be a major change that adds frustration to the frontend team, but its necessary to make these endpoint easy to understand                                                       |
